# sct-provision-ad
Powershell script to provision NZ school Azure AD instances from I.D.E. files.

## Purpose

The purpose of this script is to provide to 
System Integrators (SIs) employed by New Zealand schools, 
and school technical administrators (STAs) a basic tool for provisioning Azure AD Users and Groups using 
IDE files generated by the school's Student Management System (SMS).

 

## Prerequisites

This tool was developed using Powershell, which in turn invokes commands that are only available
on your machine once you have installed `Microsoft Azure Active Directory Module for Windows PowerShell`, which can be downloaded from:
* http://connect.microsoft.com/site1164/Downloads/DownloadDetails.aspx?DownloadID=59185

The tool requires some understanding of PowerShell.


## Preparation

* Download the zip package.
* Unpack the *.zip file into a new directory.
* Inspect the folder to ensure it contains:
  * Provision-AzureAD.ps1
  * Example-Invocation.ps1
  * Example-IDE.csv
* Use Window/Start to invoke the Powershell Integrated Script Editor (ISE), and open the `Example-Invocation.ps1` file.
* Edit the arguments to match your school's requirements. 

## Usage

* Use the school's SMS to export an IDE file and place it within the directory.
* Within Windows Explorer, open a Command Line Interface (CLI) within the directory, by holding down `Shift-Ctrl` while right-clicking the directory to select `Open Command Window here` from the available extended options.
* Invoe the edited Example-Invocation.ps1 
